IVIEW is a Freeware DOS viewer for Ralf Brown's Interrupt List.

The program file is IVIEW.EXE. Version 1.02 is 1971 bytes long. It requires a 
386 and DOS 3.0 or later.

There is an, optional, configuration file called IVIEW.INI. With the INI file 
you can customise the data file names and locations, the video mode and the 
printer supported. A basic INI file is provided.

IVIEW works with Ralf's data files of type .LST. Ralf doesn't directly supply 
the file INTERRUP.LST but he does supply a batch file COMBINE.BAT to build it 
from the files he does distribute. To try out the basic functions of IVIEW, 
copy it to a directory on the computer's PATH and then run it from the 
directory which includes the INTERRUP.LST file. The following keys work:

	UP ARROW                Scroll up a line
	PAGE UP                 Scroll up a page
	+                       Scroll up a topic
	DOWN ARROW              Scroll down a line
	PAGE DOWN               Scroll down a page
	-                       Scroll down a topic
	HOME                    Move to first topic
	END                     Move to last topic
	F                       Find first occurence of ...
	N                       Fint next occurence
	P                       Print current topic
	space                   Toggle viewing mode
	ESC                     Exit viewer



The two viewing modes are FULL and HEADINGS ONLY. The FULL mode displays the
full contents of the LST file. The HEADINGS ONLY mode displays topic headings 
only, prefixed where appropriate by the associated category, INT, AH and AL.

The active line is the top line. Toggling from HEADING to FULL expands the 
topic in the top line of the HEADING screen. Toggling from FULL to HEADING 
reduces to the topic encompassing the top line of the FULL screen. Printing 
prints the topic encompassing the top line of whichever screen is in view.



In the FIND dialogue:

 1  The search for alpha characters is case-insensitive

 2  The character ? represents a wild character i.e. it matches anything

 3  A space matches any white space, i.e. any string of spaces, horizontal 
    tabs, line feeds or carriage returns.


In the FIND and NEXT processes:

 1  A beep from the computer means "not found"

 2  The search is of the FULL file. The only relevance of this is that the 
    first 11 columns of the HEADINGS ONLY screen are derived by IVIEW. So if 
    you want data on INT 10 with AH=10, AL=12 find  -101012  not  -10 1012.

 3  The search is topic-to-topic, i.e. when the item is found in a topic the 
    next find is from the end of that topic.



The INI file must have the same name as the viewer. It may be located in the 
same directory as the EXE file or in the current directory. An INI file in 
the current directory takes precedence of the one in the EXE file's 
directory, so you can have a basic INI file with the EXE file and then any 
number of INI files which are customised to the work carried out in the 
individual directories in which you use IVIEW.


The INI file must be a TEXT file of lines with the following structure:

<Item Identity Word>=[<parameters>]


The Item Identity Word is predefined and must appear as below. The optional 
parameters are customisable. Currently defined items are:

DataFile#=<the name and location of Ralf's data file, case-insensitive>

VideoMode=<the hexadecimal text video mode, case-insensitive>

PrintInit=<a string of hexadecimal bytes to send before a print, 
		 case-insensitive, separated by any non-hex characters>

PrintReset=<a string of hexadecimal bytes to send after a print, 
		 case-insensitive, separated by any non-hex characters>


As an example, the following is the INI file for my computer. It contains an 
ATI video card where mode 33 selects 132x44 text display. It is connected to 
an HP 4L printer. The Init string includes PCL5 escape sequences to reset the 
printer, select 12 characters-per-inch and 8 lines-per-inch. The Reset string 
consists of a form-feed character to eject the last page of the print and the 
printer reset sequence.

DataFile0=c:\ralf\interrup.lst
DataFile1=c:\ralf\ports.lst
DataFile2=c:\ralf\memory.lst
VideoMode=33
PrintInit=1b,45,1b,28,73,31,32,48,1b,26,6c,38,44
PrintReset=c,1b,45


If you don't know your EGA or VGA video codes but would like to see more than 
25 lines, try VideoMode=ffff.


Without the INI file the data file is assumed to be INTERRUP.LST and it is 
assumed to be in the current directory. To invoke IVIEW with other LST files 
edit their names into the INI file in the way shown above and launch IVIEW 
with the corresponding digit in the command line. For example, with the data 
above in the INI file, the command

	IVIEW 0     will invoke the viewer with the file c:\ralf\interrup.lst
	IVIEW 1     will invoke the viewer with the file c:\ralf\ports.lst
	IVIEW 2     will invoke the viewer with the file c:\ralf\memory.lst
	IVIEW 3 to 9 will report an error until they are defined in the INI

"IVIEW" is a synonym for "IVIEW 0"; "DataFile=" is a synonym for "DataFile0="


IVIEW was written as an exercise in the art of tight coding. Comments, be  
they brickbats or bouquets, to John Harry Adams at adams@ds5200.gradyn.co.uk



